# SeismicHazard
Matlab GUI for Seismic Hazard Assessment

# AUTHORS AND FUNDING INSTITUTIONS
In the development of SeismicHazard, the authors listed above have received financial support from the following funding institutions: Facultad de Ingeniería Civil at Universidad del Desarrollo; the National Research Center for Integrated Natural Disaster Management CONICYT/FONDAP/15110017; FONDECYT through Grant N°1170836 “SIBER-RISK: SImulation Based Earthquake Risk and Resilience of Interdependent Systems and NetworKs”; FONDECYT through Grant N°11180937 “Seismic Risk of Mined Tunnels”; Georgia Institute of Technology through the start-up faculty funding of the second author, Instituto de Ingeniería UNAM through Research Fund R974; Facultad de Ingeniería y Ciencias at Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez; and Facultad de Ingeniería y Ciencias at Universidad Diego Portales. 

# SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Operating System
Windows 10
Windows 7 Service Pack 1
macOS Mojave (10.14)
macOS High-Sierra (10.13)
RAM
minimum of 4 GB
recommended 8 GB
MATLAB	
standard or network license
R2018a or Higher
mapping Toolbox
recommended: Distributed Computing Toolbox
Others	
processors: Any Intel or AMD x86-64 processor
internet connection
recommended: Google API key for earth maps and site elevation data
recommended: GitHub

# SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD AND INSTALLATION
The platform files are organized in a 15-folder structure, which shall be downloaded directly from GitHub at https://github.com/gacandia/SeismicHazard. To run the platform, add the entire folder structure to MATLAB?s path typing the command addpath(genpath(install_dir)) in MATLAB?s workspace, where install_dir is a string containing the full path to the installation directory. To run the platform, type SeismicHazard in MATLAB's workspace. 

 
# USER AGREEMENT
The distribution and commercialization of the SeismicHazard platform and any of its tools is prohibited, as well as any subsequent development as part of improvements to it without prior consultation of the platform corresponding author. Users are welcome to provide feedback, and report errors through GitHub. Updates and improvements to the code will be posted periodically. 
The users of the platform SeismicHazard are requested to cite the software's SRL article in their work and publications. The correct citation shall be: Candia, G., Macedo, J., Jaimes, M.A., Magna-Verdugo, C. (2019) A New State of the Art Platform for Probabilistic and Deterministic Seismic Hazard Assessment. Seismological Research Letters. 

# DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
The platform ?SeismicHazard?, its associated files, routines, and tools are released in their current version ?as is? and are subject to constant revisions as new research becomes available. The authors, the funding institutions, and all the individuals who contributed in the development and review of the platform are not responsible for any error in the code, inaccuracy, or error in the data generated by the software; the end user assumes the entire responsibility of its use. Under no circumstance the authors and the funding institutions shall be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damage suffered as result the use, misuse, or reliance on the data and numerical procedures of the platform. In addition, the authors and funding institutions reject any guarantee, including, but not limited to, the commercialization and operation guarantees for any particular purpose. Likewise, the author and funding institutions have no obligation to provide maintenance, support, updates, improvements or modifications.

# USER AGREEMENT
The users of the platform SeismicHazard are requested to cite the software's SRL article in their work and publications. The correct citation shall be: Candia, G., Macedo, J., Jaimes, M.A., Magna-Verdugo, C. (2019) A New State of the Art Platform for Probabilistic and Deterministic Seismic Hazard Assessment. Seismological Research Letters. 

# DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
The platform “SeismicHazard”, its associated files, routines, and tools are released in their current version “as is” and are subject to constant revisions as new research becomes available. The authors, the funding institutions, and all the individuals who contributed in the development and review of the platform are not responsible for any error in the code, inaccuracy, or error in the data generated by the software; the end user assumes the entire responsibility of its use. Under no circumstance the authors and the funding institutions shall be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damage suffered as result the use, misuse, or reliance on the data and numerical procedures of the platform. In addition, the authors and funding institutions reject any guarantee, including, but not limited to, the commercialization and operation guarantees for any particular purpose. Likewise, the author and funding institutions have no obligation to provide maintenance, support, updates, improvements or modifications.


